>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief,"
and happy holidays to you.
And you know, with the holiday
season quickly upon us,
a lot of people get depressed
during the holiday season,
primarily because, of
course, they're alone
or they've lost a loved one.
Our special guest on "Beyond
Belief" is Laura Lee.
She's a psychic
medium, and she's
going to help a lot of us who
have lost those we care about,
and try to get us through
this holiday season.
Laura, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>LAURA LEE: Well,
thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: Good to have you.
You look great.
>>LEE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: All Christmasy
and everything else, huh?
>>LEE: Yep.
>>NOORY: How did
you get involved
in being a psychic medium?
Because I'm told this happened
when you were really young.
>>LEE: Yes.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's
evolved over the years,
because it started happening
when I was really young.
I started seeing spirits, and
it scared the bejesus out of me.
>>NOORY: You didn't
know what it was?
>>LEE: No.
No, I just thought it was
an experience everybody had,
you know.
But almost like that "Sixth
Sense" kid, having troubles.
>>NOORY: I see dead people.
>>LEE: Right, right.
You know, not knowing
exactly what it was.
And over the years,
it just developed.
>>NOORY: Was it genetic?
Did you get this
from somebody else?
>>LEE: You know,
I found out later
when I became a
professional that there
was a aunt on my mother's
side that possessed the skill,
and she was kind of quiet,
under the covers about it.
Coming from the Midwest, it's
not really the status quo.
So she was a medium.
>>NOORY: Now, when this happened
and you were a little girl,
and you started-- did
you see dead people?
Or did you feel
them or hear them?
>>LEE: Just about all.
They would come to me, typically
in the evening hours, at night.
>>NOORY: In your room.
>>LEE: Yeah, receptive.
Yeah.
Scared, scared, of the dark.
>>NOORY: Not through
the closet, right?
>>LEE: Not through the closet.
Very frightened of the dark.
So anybody who's out
there who has children
who are scared of the
dark, don't discount it,
especially if they see
deceased loved ones.
That's typical of children.
But for some reason, I
never grew out of it.
And my parents
didn't dismiss it.
>>NOORY: That is important.
>>LEE: I think that's key.
>>NOORY: Because
a lot of parents
think that this is a kid playing
a little kid game or something,
and they try to
talk them out of it.
Yours did not.
>>LEE: No.
No.
Curious.
I think a lot of people in my
family have had the experience.
I think a lot of families do.
And that's kind of what
I'm here to talk about.
I think a lot of people
have these experiences,
but they don't want to
become-- they don't want
to be seen as weird or
crazy, so they kind of
keep it under the covers,
kind of like I did.
I kept it under the covers
for many years, literally.
I would sleep at night with
the blankets up over my head
and have a portal so
I could breathe, just
to kind of keep them
out of my sphere,
so I could just kind of sleep.
>>NOORY: Well, did you
share these experiences
with your parents a lot?
>>LEE: A little.
A little.
And it just gradually grew.
And I learned how to
manage it over the years.
>>NOORY: How about
your girlfriends?
Did you tell them?
>>LEE: I remember having a
major experience in college.
And my girlfriends dismissed it.
But years later, as I came
out as a professional,
and some of the
kids I grew up with,
knowing that I had
this experience,
it didn't surprise them.
>>NOORY: Right.
Now, tell me about
this metamorphosis.
As Laura Lee, the kid
who had these psychic
experiences and
then as an adult,
how did you flow into that?
>>LEE: So about
my freshman year,
I had a really bad
addiction with food.
I had an eating disorder.
And it got the best of me.
It was something that I
didn't tell anybody about.
And it's typical
with young girls.
You know, it was a bulimia,
anorexia type thing.
And I got really sick
come my freshman year.
And I had an experience
that transcended.
I probably had a death
wish, just like most kids
do-- you know, with an
addiction to drugs or alcohol.
That was my vice.
And that transcended it for me.
I had a being, a light
being come to me,
and I feel like I was witnessing
an experience of afterlife.
And they shared with me I would
be doing this on a major scale.
>>NOORY: That's scary.
>>LEE: It wasn't
scary at the time.
Then I realized there's nothing
to be fearful of, that all
these beings-- it made sense
to me at that moment in time
that spirits were coming
to me for a reason,
and all they wanted to share
is "I love you" pretty much.
And I was supposed to
carry forth that message.
So I start doing it, but I
didn't become a professional
until some years later, after
I went through a lot of healing
process to overcome my
addiction and to move forward
in life so I would
embrace my life
and embrace myself as I am.
And I think that's key.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Well, see what's fascinating
about this is is you
are a human being, so you're
subject to human frailties.
Things happen to us in our life.
And at the same time, you're
a psychic medium giving people
advice about that.
So you have to sometimes
separate the two.
That's not easy all the time.
>>LEE: Well, especially when
you come from the Midwest
and a place where--
>>NOORY: As I have.
>>LEE: Yeah, the Midwest that's
deeply rooted in Christianity,
and it's-- what's
the word for it--
to speak to spirits
was almost blasphemous.
That's something
you shouldn't do.
And that's something
that you just kind of
kept quiet in that
kind of community.
And I grew up in
Normal, Illinois.
>>NOORY: Illinois?
Yeah.
I know that area well.
>>LEE: To the
paranormal from Normal.
So you know, it's just something
you just didn't openly discuss.
>>NOORY: You're lucky you
didn't get burned at the stake.
>>LEE: Exactly.
Exactly.
And now I'm pretty
much embraced.
>>NOORY: What was the
busting out period for you,
where you went from
the little girl
to the professional
psychic medium as an adult?
What was that striking point?
>>LEE: I think it was
that near-death experience
I had at 18 in my freshman year.
And I just woke up,
and I saw heaven.
I mean, I just saw it.
I mean, it's among us.
>>NOORY: What's it look like?
>>LEE: It's brilliant.
It's 10 times octaves
higher than ours.
It's among us.
And we don't witness--
>>NOORY: Are there angels
on clouds with harps?
>>LEE: No, no, no.
It's not exactly like
that, although there's
higher dimensions like that.
It's among us, and
we're present among it,
but we're so veiled from
it because of our baggage,
just like I was.
And to a degree, you try
to push it away and try
not to-- try to resist
the love for some reason.
We've got a duality here on
our plane of existence, fear
and love.
And there's so
much-- we're barraged
by fear on a day-to-day
basis by media.
I hate to say it, but--
>>NOORY: Sure.
That happens.
>>LEE: Media does it.
Yeah, it could be filtered in by
our loved ones, even around us,
which is passed on from
generation to generation.
But the baggage keeps us
veiled from seeing it among us.
So there's multiple
dimensions among us.
And this dimension is very much
here among us and supports us.
>>NOORY: Is there a hell?
>>LEE: So, I think hell and
heaven are a state of mind
that we can all grasp.
Again, it's free will.
It's choice.
So it's a state of mind.
So if you're in a hell here
in this physical existence--
and let's say the addiction,
and your mind's in that space--
and you haven't snapped out
of it and you cross over,
you could still very
well be in that space.
There's always a
hand out to help you,
whether it's here in
the physical plane
or on the other side.
There's always some spirit
that's an angel in your life.
>>NOORY: Will be there.
>>LEE: Right.
That will be there when
you're ready to choose
to take that walk over.
>>NOORY: You just have
to be smart enough
or alert enough, I
guess, to accept that?
>>LEE: Or you just
have to be ready,
because I was ready at
that moment in time.
I remember calling out-- I mean
verbally, out loud, I'm done.
I need help.
I was at a point of just like
a lot of teenagers or anybody
who's at wits end
with their addiction.
You know, it's either
I'm going or I'm
going to choose to live life
differently at this point.
>>NOORY: Probably
you made your choice.
>>LEE: Right.
Right.
And so I started
walking this path,
even though I graduated with
a communications degree--
for a good reason,
which I didn't realize--
>>NOORY: Which you applied
in your later life.
>>LEE: Yeah, I applied
a lot in my life.
Right, business and
communications, yeah.
So yeah, it's
totally applicable.
It was definitely
part of my path.
>>NOORY: When people,
Laura, call you,
when you are doing
your radio shows,
what do they want to know?
What do they ask
most of the time?
>>LEE: You know, oddly,
it's all about love
usually, relationships.
And not only about
romantic relationship,
but relationship dynamics.
You know, everybody's trying
to look for peace and joy
in their lives and want
answers, how to get to it.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>LEE: You know?
And love seems to be
the high priority.
But you know, in the last recent
years with the economy busting,
a lot of people were
calling in about their jobs.
>>NOORY: About their jobs, too.
>>LEE: Yeah, which is very sad.
>>NOORY: Do you find that people
are getting hit from all ends
now?
>>LEE: Yeah, because we're
going through such an evolution.
And people don't
know what to do.
And I think this is-- we went
through the industrial age,
we're moving into
an intuitive age,
I think, where people
are going to have
to rely on their intuition.
We rely so much
on computers now,
we've given up
our power to that.
But intuitively, we've got to
embrace that part of ourselves
to navigate the changes
that are coming.
>>NOORY: Well, here we are
near the holiday season.
Why do people tend to get
down during seasons like this?
>>LEE: Speaking
about loved ones,
since we're on that
subject and getting down,
I think the holidays bring back
some of those memories that
are so core within
us, and being alone.
And when I say
losing a loved one,
it can even be a severed tie in
a relationship and being alone.
And you're never alone.
We always think we're
alone, but we're not.
And when we're grieving, it's
hard to see those hands reach
out to us, or somebody
calling us up,
hey, come join the party.
We want to curl up and just
recoil and close off the walls
when we're grieving.
And that's part of the fear.
Grief is part of the fear.
So we have to resist
the temptation to coil
and take that hand
and go out and be
open and receptive to
embrace the people around us
and live life.
>>NOORY: Well,
you know, grieving
is part of the sad
part of living.
>>LEE: Yes, it is.
It is a human experience.
>>NOORY: We're stuck with it.
>>LEE: It's a human experience.
So sometimes, as all therapists
say, you have to go through it.
But the moment you become
conscious that you're in it,
you can change your mind and
choose another direction.
But it's being conscious.
>>NOORY: As a psychic
medium, do you
deal more with those
on the other side
or the human being
trying to find out
about those on the other side?
>>LEE: Good question.
I think what it is
is the communication
with the dearly departed
is to help the living live.
So it's not about
death, I've always said.
It's about life.
And there is no
such thing as death,
which is the fallacy, the belief
that we've been ingrained,
that there is actually a death.
We continue on.
Our spirit--
>>NOORY: You're
convinced we continue on?
>>LEE: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: We're not gonna
chuck out and that's it?
>>LEE: No, no, no.
We continue on.
There's definitely
multiple-- we continue
to recycle until we get it.
>>NOORY: I mean,
I've had my doubts.
>>LEE: I'm sure.
I'm sure.
I've been there, too.
It's a human experience.
But we're spiritual
beings in this--
I'm sure you've heard that
numerous times, having a show,
Coast to Coast, that many
spiritualists come on and say
that we're a spiritual
being having a limited
physical experience.
It's probably a
fraction of time.
But as George Noory
and Laura Lee,
it's just a fraction
of a moment.
But we'll continue on,
probably in the same vein.
I think in many
multiple lives I've
been a scribe and a communicator
and a visionary for leaders
and sharing this insights
for people and guide people.
>>NOORY: Well, you have
your finger on the pulse,
and that's a part of life.
>>LEE: Well, kind of
truth of the experience
or truth of the situation.
But a lot of people
don't hear that message.
And it's just, again, because
which side of the fence
are we nurturing?
Are we nurturing the love,
or are we nurturing the fear?
But we're all connected.
We're all of the same spirit,
one of the same spirit, which
is hard for people to
grasp because we see
such a separation
between each other.
>>NOORY: You are going
to talk with somebody
in a moment about
their experiences.
And what are you
going to do with that?
>>LEE: I'm going
to share who I see
and whatever messages come
forth for them in particular
and, you know, the
spirits that surround them
at this particular moment.
Hopefully I'll
pick up on the ones
that they expect to hear from.
>>NOORY: OK.
Well, we're going
to do that when
we come right back
on "Beyond Belief."
Well, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
We've got the psychic medium
Laura Lee with us and Julie.
And we're going to
talk a little bit
about Julie's life and
those who have crossed over.
Laura?
>>LEE: OK.
So Julie, right-handed, right?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: OK.
And I usually start
out right, left-handed
so I know who's on
what side of the family
when I start to see
spirits come through.
But I have a female
that's coming off
on the maternal
side that's standing
in the position of the aunt.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: OK, so on mom's side
of the family, correct?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: And her passing
just happened recently.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: OK.
And there's a tall
gentleman alongside of her
that's kind of thin in
stature that's behind her.
So I feel like maybe he
passed before her, OK.
And kind of thin.
But I feel like
there's a burial that's
kind of where all of
them are together, OK.
And I see-- I feel like
this was just recent.
I also get that
there's a loved one.
I know that she was
surrounded by loved ones
before her crossing, but there
was lots of pain in her body
before she crossed, so
she wasn't completely
coherent all the time, she says.
But the love and support,
she's so grateful for
to help her transcend.
And I don't think
she was afraid.
I don't think she was afraid,
even though she acknowledged
that she saw things that
might have caused concern
for people around her.
Does that make sense?
>>JULIE: Yes, she did.
>>LEE: OK, that
stranger thing, I
don't think it was
a cause of concern,
because I think she was
embracing that going
to the other side because
she saw other loved ones that
were around her.
>>JULIE: OK
>>LEE: And the other
thing, as I say this,
I sense there's a female that
goes to her grave regularly.
And I see flowers
being laid down,
and she's crying constantly
about her passing.
Is this a daughter?
>>JULIE: That could
be her daughter, yes.
>>LEE: OK.
And I feel like she wants her
to know that she's with her all
the time and that she
hasn't left her side yet
because she wants to
make sure she's settled
and she's good with
this before she goes on.
Is this her partner that's
on the other side with her?
Because he's standing
right alongside of her.
>>JULIE: Her husband did pass
prior, but so did her brothers.
>>LEE: OK.
Well, I feel like
this is her husband,
because he's right
alongside of her.
It's like a partner.
And he was waiting for
her, so he took her hand.
But I also feel like
behind her, there's
also parents that are
standing behind her.
So there's a long
family line over there.
And I feel like there's a
connection between-- what
shall I say-- like, grandmothers
or sisters right there.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: As far as your
line is concerned.
And she's grateful because you
were there constantly, too.
She also shows me a
heart-type pendant--
I don't know if this
is on a necklace
or something like that--
that somebody wears
that's close to her
that's been passed down.
Does that make sense?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: OK.
And she wants to
make sure that's just
confirmation to everybody else.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: All right.
She loves you guys
so much, so sweet.
And I see that she
lost tons of weight,
because she was gorgeous
when she was younger.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: And I see that.
But she's telling me
she had such a struggle
here at the end.
And when I say she
struggled, she's fine now.
When she crossed over,
it was immediate.
She's at total peace.
And that's what I think,
specifically, a daughter
needs to know.
I also feel like
somebody had to travel
far to get to see her
before she transcended.
Does that make sense, too?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: This is
another family member.
Yes.
Yeah, so sweet, such
a caring person.
Such a caring person
I get with her.
I also get-- there's a
couple of other females
that are coming in.
And I feel like there's
a Mary connection.
And I also feel like
there's a Michael or a Mike.
OK, now, Mike is--
>>JULIE: My boyfriend.
>>LEE: Your boyfriend.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: OK.
But I feel like it
might be related
to Mike, if that makes sense.
And I don't think Mike
believes in any of this,
but I think they wanted to
come in and say hello about it.
Does that make sense?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: Mike probably is like,
this is totally not for me.
Don't even tell me, right?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: But there's
a Mary connection
that's coming in
to say hello, OK?
Oh, he would know, because I
almost feel, like, Mother Mary.
>>JULIE: That's what came
to mind when you said that.
>>LEE: Yeah, Mother Mary.
Let it go or "Let It Be,"
with-- that's what I think,
a Beatles song?
I don't know.
OK, and there's been talk about
marriage between you and Mike?
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: Yes, and I think that's--
I just want you to know,
they're telling me that
it's like a divine union.
And your apprehension,
you'll move through it.
But I feel like there might be
a child involved or children
involved?
Does that make sense?
At one point, or there is.
I don't know.
Does that make sense, that
they're talking about--
but anyway, it'll be
worked through, OK?
And I think you'll be
surprised because I think
he's going to pop the
question, and you'll be like--
>>NOORY: At least
you'll be ready for it.
>>LEE: Right.
I already went
over the surprise.
I gave it away.
>>NOORY: How big
will the ring be?
>>LEE: Where will the ring be?
In his pocket.
Yes.
OK.
Also, I get a connection
to another gentleman.
I hear a Richard or Dick.
Does this make sense,
if there's a Richard?
>>NOORY: That's the
other boyfriend.
>>JULIE: You're not
supposed to tell.
>>LEE: Yeah, shush.
Richard, Dick--
but I almost feel
like this might be paternal
side on your right side,
paternal side.
Does this make sense?
>>JULIE: No one's
coming to mind.
>>LEE: OK.
I just-- I get the
sense that it's
coming through on paternal side.
It could even be related to
your boyfriend, Mike, OK?
So you might want to
pass that on to him.
But I also feel like there's
a military connection.
And I feel like there's some
sort of planes or something
to attract with planes.
It might even be a pilot
or something of that sort.
Do you understand?
Do you have any connections
or recollections of something?
>>JULIE: Nothing.
>>LEE: Because I'm
getting a sense
of that strong person
coming through as well.
Is there somebody in
the military right
now in your family?
>>JULIE: His father's
in the military.
Well, he was in the military.
>>LEE: And who's that?
>>JULIE: Michael's father.
>>LEE: Michael's father.
Right, it's right there.
OK, so there's a confirmation.
OK, I'm sorry to be pointing.
But I know there was a
confirmation in there,
but I feel like there's a
strong line right there.
I'm sorry to keep
on Mike, but Mike
seems to be coming through.
By the way, when
I get Mike, I also
get the association
of Archangel Michael,
because I feel like
he's like a protector.
And he might be a
little bit-- seem
to have that energy of
wanting to protect and consume
a little bit.
But that's just
kind of who he is.
So I want you to just
relax and let it be, OK?
Because I think that's what he
wants to do all the time, OK?
Mm-hmm.
And he says, oh, I understand,
they're telling me, too, like,
you guys will fly off and go
do this on a spur-of-the-moment
type thing.
>>JULIE: Fun.
>>NOORY: Vegas, here we come.
>>LEE: The love chapel.
No, actually I think it's
something more tropical.
So I'll just put that to you.
OK.
Your aunt wants to come back
in and say something, too.
So I feel like
barely eating, and I
feel like this was such a
concern of so many people,
and her whittling away and
just recoiling and closing up
like this as she
was passing over.
And I feel like a little
baby-- and somebody
told me, I think she's
communicating to me,
somebody told her
it was OK to go.
And she wants to give
gratitude to that as well,
and I feel like that might
be another family member,
although you were there
by her side as well.
But I see them taking her hand
and just stroking her hair
and stroking her head,
because she was in and out
with the drugs that
they were giving
her to alleviate for the pain.
And she's also telling me
as the earrings-- there's
some sort of earrings
as well that they
might be wearing
off and on in order
to confirm that message, OK?
>>JULIE: OK.
>>LEE: You'll be receiving
some of that jewelry
as well, if you haven't already.
>>JULIE: Wow.
OK.
>>LEE: She also shows me
pictures on the phone.
Pictures on the phone.
You guys took pictures
and snapshots of her
together before her crossing.
>>JULIE: Yes.
>>LEE: Do you have
them on your phone?
>>JULIE: I do.
>>LEE: Yes.
She tells me.
>>NOORY: Any questions,
Julie, for Laura?
>>JULIE: There's just
so many, but I'm just
taking in everything
that you've been saying.
>>LEE: I know.
I know.
She's really close
to you, because I
think she wants everybody to
understand how happy she is.
>>JULIE: Good.
That's comforting.
>>LEE: In the comfort
of her family right now.
And she's very happy.
>>JULIE: Well, thank you.
>>NOORY: How did you
feel about knowing things
about your family, that they're
on the other side, they're OK?
>>JULIE: You know,
it's comforting.
There's just a lot
of peace with that.
I mean, I feel like I
knew that already, but--
>>NOORY: Reinforcement?
>>JULIE: Yeah.
Yeah, it's a good feeling.
It makes me happy.
>>NOORY: And Laura,
when this comes to you,
I mean, how did they find you?
Or how do you find them on
the other side so quickly?
>>LEE: I think when
a person invites me
into their personal space,
it comes as a download,
because spirits know I'm an open
door for them to come through.
Just like there's
other people out there
who aren't professionals
and might have spirits come
to them all the time, but they
won't share those messages.
I just have allowed myself to
share, step up to the plate
and be that vehicle for the
spirits to come through.
So they show me images.
Sometimes they'll talk to me.
But it's not as clear
as you and I here.
It's almost like a radio
tune-in dial type thing.
So sometimes they'll
show me snapshots,
they'll show me
pictures, long visions.
Sometimes it's hearing.
Sometimes it's a feeling.
Like, the overwhelming
feeling of
love I have for some
of my recipients
that are sitting before
me, I almost cry for them,
because it's not crying
for the dearly departed.
They're in a good space.
They're in a really good space.
>>NOORY: Does it ever get
emotional for the recipient?
>>LEE: Yeah, it does.
It does.
And actually sometimes I'll end
up crying for the recipient,
because that's the
person who's suffering.
That's the person who
needs to embrace life,
to move through the grief.
And sometimes a typical
traditional therapist
doesn't help, so
I consider myself
as an alternative
grief therapist,
because sometimes it works.
>>NOORY: Have they ever
broken down in front of you?
>>LEE: Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, usually we're
always carrying
around boxes of Kleenex.
I have box of
Kleenexes for people.
>>NOORY: Do you feel
like crying, Julie?
>>JULIE: Not out
of sadness, but--
>>NOORY: Out of glee, happiness?
>>JULIE: Yes, I feel myself
tearing up a little bit.
>>NOORY: Well, during
the holiday season
it's important to do this.
>>LEE: Yes.
Hopefully Mike will
get that message, too,
so you'll have to turn
on the TV for him.
>>JULIE: Yes.
I'll be sure to do that.
>>NOORY: Laura, if more people
want information about you
and what you do, how
do they find you?
>>LEE: They can go to
psychicmediumlauralee.com.
Or mediumlauralee.com,
and I'll pull up.
>>NOORY: Have you
had any experiences
that have been difficult
for you and tough for you
as a psychic medium?
>>LEE: Yes.
Missing children, for sure.
>>NOORY: Not easy.
>>LEE: Especially
as a mom, yeah.
Yeah.
I think I've worked
on a couple of cases
where I've put on-- because
I'm an emotional eater.
So sometimes I still
battle with that.
>>NOORY: You're an emotional
wreck anyways, right?
>>LEE: Well, when you're dealing
with children that have been
abused or--
>>NOORY: Disappeared?
>>LEE: Disappeared, yeah.
And I can't get
close to the family.
I have to deal with
law enforcement direct.
But still, regardless,
that's still emotional.
>>NOORY: So primarily,
you're with law enforcement?
>>LEE: Yes.
>>NOORY: And if
you see something
that is not very good, do
you tell them straight out?
>>LEE: Oh, yeah.
With law enforcement, it's easy.
Family, no.
>>NOORY: Family it's difficult.
>>LEE: No, no.
Because they so want to
see that person standing
right there in front of them.
>>NOORY: There was a psychic who
has now joined the other side,
she's passed on, who would
tell family members--
>>LEE: I know who
you're talking about.
>>NOORY: --that their loved
ones were dead or gone.
And then strangely, some
of them would show up
alive years and years later.
That was a little irresponsible.
>>LEE: Well, I know who
you're talking about.
And I talked to your
producer about that.
And she never claimed
to be a medium.
She claimed to be a psychic.
And there is a difference.
>>NOORY: Right.
Big difference.
>>LEE: And a lot of
people don't understand.
And I think she just might
have jumped on the bandwagon,
because there's so much
hoopla around mediumship
right now with media.
But all mediums are psychic,
but not all psychics
are mediums, if
that makes sense.
So mediums just use
a tool of divination
to speak about the past,
present, and future for people
by speaking to spirits.
But some psychics use tarot,
they can use a pendulum,
they can use
psychometry, just holding
onto an object of
something for someone.
My tool, although I love
all those tools-- I've got,
like, 20 tarot decks on my
coffee-- is the mediumship,
is speaking to the spirits.
And that's how I
deliver my information,
whether it's about the
relationships or work, health
issues-- which I'm not a doctor
by any sense of the means.
I always tell
everybody to follow up.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Which is a smart thing to do.
>>LEE: Right, right.
But spirit will
just give me what
I need to know in
that particular moment
for that person.
>>NOORY: Well, great.
Thanks to both of you for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>LEE: Thank you.
>>JULIE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: In our next
edition of "Beyond Belief,"
psychic medium Laura
Lee will be talking
about the angelic side of life.
I'm George Noory, and
happy holidays to you.
[THEME MUSIC]